Support additional names for docker containers (#2084)
OSInside/kiwi: doc/source/building_images/build_docker_container.rst

  `subcommand`. Equivalent of the `USER` directive of a Docker file.
* ``workingdir``: Sets the working directory to be used when running `cmd` and
  `entrypoint`. Equivalent of the `WORKDIR` directive of a Docker file.

> * ``additionalnames``: Allows to specifiy additional image references.
>   References are passed as comma separated values and follow the 
>   common docker registry format `<repository>:<tag>`. Either repository or
>   tag can be missing (e.g. `myalternaterepo:` or `:sometag`), in that case the
>   values from `name` and `tag` attributes will used to complete the image
>   reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``additionalnames``: Allows add additional image references (names and tags).
  References are passed as comma separated values and follow the 
  common docker registry format `<repository>:<tag>`. Either the repository or
  the tag can be missing (e.g. `myalternaterepo:` or `:sometag`), in that case the
  values from `name` and `tag` attributes will used to complete the image
  reference.
  For instance ``<containerconfig name="python" tag="3.10" additionalnames="python:3,:latest,py:"/>``
  would yield the references: ``python:3.10``, ``python:3``, ``python:latest`` and ``py:3.10``.
```
